Add issue templates. (#211)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-sql-jdbc-socket-factory: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/documentation-issue.md

---
name: Documentation Issue
about: Report wrong or missing information with the documentation in the repo.
title: "Brief summary of what is missing or incorrect"
labels: 'type: docs'

---

<!--

Thanks for stopping by to let us know something could be better!

**PLEASE READ**: If you have a support contract with Google, please create an 
issue in the [support console](https://cloud.google.com/support/) instead of 
filing on GitHub. This will ensure a timely response.

Please run down the following list and make sure you've tried the usual "quick fixes":

>   - Search the issues already opened: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform//issues
>   - Check for answers on StackOverflow: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/google-cloud-sql

Reviewer: Update links:
```suggestion
  - Search the issues already opened: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-sql-jdbc-socket-factory/issues
  - Check for answers on StackOverflow: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/google-cloud-sql
```
